
React Interview Crack :-

Javascript ES6 concepts :-
	Temporal Dead Zone, destructuring, call bind apply, forEach map filter reduce, Async await Promises,


React fundamental concepts
Redux/Flex
JWT
npm, webpack, babel, transpiler (convert code into es5)

React ?
React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces created by Facebook.
React is a tool for building UI components. React is used to build single-page applications.
React allows us to create reusable UI components.

React Work ?
React creates a virtual DOM in memory instead of manipulating the DOM i browser's directly, where it does all the necessary manipulating, before making the changes in the browser DOM

Virtual DOM ?
Modern frameworks like react whenever something is changed in the state/props, a new virtual DOM representation will be created and it will be compared with the previous one

React Render ?
React renders HTML to the web page by using a function called ReactDOM.render()
It takes two arguments one is HTML code & other is HTML element.
The purpose of the function is to display the specified HTML code inside the specified HTML element.


JSX ?
JSX stands for JavaScript XML that makes it easier to write & add HTML in React.
With curly braces you can write javascript in HTML element.

Rules for JSX :
It always return single element
use Div or React Fragment to wrap all your JSX Code
ClassName in place of class
Need to close all non closing Tags in JSX
Use camelCase for attributes

React Fragment?
A common pattern in React is for a component to return multiple elements.
Fragments let you group a list of children without adding extra nodes to the DOM
React.Fragment must have a key 

Component ?
Components are like functions that return HTML elements
Components are independent and reusable bits of code
Components are two types, Class components and Function components

props ?
Props are like function arguments, and you send them into the component as attributes

Lifecycle of Components ?
Each component in React has a lifecycle which you can monitor and manipulate during its three main phases.
The three phases are: Mounting, Updating, and Unmounting
Mounting means putting elements into the DOM

class component vs functional component ?

import react, {Component} from "react"
class App extends Component{
render(){
return {
<jSX code>
}
}
export default App;

import react, from "react"
function App(){
return {
<JSX>
}
}
export default App;


why Redux?




















