Why react?
In present, React is the ultimate JavaScript library for better front-end development.
It is the only powerful framework that runs in the browser and allows you to build highly responsive web applications.
You do not need to rewrite the whole code every time you create a feature or an app

What is react?
React developers create interactive UI by building reusable components that can be used to send and receive data from a backend serve

Why react is best?
React is best known for building amazing single-page applications that effectively update the DOM without sending a request to the web server

About ReactJS
Though some believe ReactJS to be the replica of front-end development frameworks, in reality,
it is the library of user interfaces leading to the creation of eye-catching and feature-rich applications.

DOM Manipulation and event handlers: Always attach your events to the HTML elements. And DOM manipulation has become very rare nowadays. Still, we have the JSX.

Presence of virtual DOM enhances the performance of complicated apps as modifications can be done without actually affecting the other components in the hierarchy

The “this” keyword: Frequently used in Javascript. But never overuse or misuse it.

Variables & Scoping: A common trend of storing variables is to use the ‘var’ keyword, right?
With ES6, a developer can take a step forward and choose from a range of keywords such as `let` and `const.`
This creates an impression that developers can avoid using var when not needed.

Array Methods: Storing and accessing data is a tough nut to crack.
Even if you have had the ease to store data in arrays, retrieving and manipulating them is a bit difficult.
Thanks to the bundle of tools offered by JavaScript as `.map`, `.filter` and `.reduce` to play with array methods.

Babel is a compiler which can transform all your HTML like syntaxes into the standard javascript files. Its always updated with the features of the latest version of javascript

Sentry for real-time monitoring and fix crashes
Bitrise – Increased automation
Hockeyapp – Crash reporting, managing testers, beta distribution
Redux – Manage the application state
ESLint – To validate the code in compliance with JavaScript patterns
Jest – Ready-to-use tool for testing JS code
Enzyme – Facilitate the testing of React apps

Why redux ?
Redux is an application data-flow architecture.
Redux is implemented to manage the state of the data.
The data in the react always flows from parent to child components which makes it Uni-Directional.

redux h